ap
ottawa in front so
fifteen minutes before me Saturday this time I want to present a dish that
can not not appeal but that's the right time
it is however the bet is refunded as first priority it is like
in a film that's so it's a club that has just launched in the business of
reporter you go into this delicious that this one was
appropriate
we will start by disbursing m in 2002 which
cutting against these people including 25 years
they will go small pieces so during their absence
thanks to the data
but small sized pieces
as it's a bit for that
possible
then points even above the little Japanese peppers ahmed however
fight you take it by about half do you see what
corresponding
without counting on the civil and military service füle
they even cut in m
little piece here
like the other policemen and in one direction then in the other
having fired firecrackers it gives five years
mushrooms easy plan to find
the path of the couple then a little bigger still curious
May 18
what are some
the college sector in transit about a year to 2 millimeters
thick half dismayed foot the strange middle
of all the rays that's chicken the chicken crisis boning you can
talk about the club's entire membership plan
it's more technician are like a fine rain
then we will listen andré butcher so pour a lot of ink in light the
feet in pieces
you do not know if you want to leave us if you want to try
doctor is fine
alas what's important is to put it in a soup plate
here is the clip another battle of the plains in march at the theater
eyi so in the sequence concerned
you will find
we had said his hurry but what is certain in acts before withdrawing
the author of chicken meat
the father who is not terrible the Burkinabé
and it will quickly keep him according to him 4
- preheat and two nights in a pan you put your chicken as
it's red cabbage
and we are going to write simply on a background of means at once strong
- it's not like the Chinese technique
we have a little more time but not too much still enough scene
then still for the cooked rice we add the onions
and pepper as it is cut off every little bit about the same
speed me lang
the sq him
when the same source salt workers
almost cooked
when friends are almost cooked you put
mushrooms
now we are tidy tudors on average fire
not too hard
like to tax it's the door with that if I find
in this case like mushrooms this price the princess astrid jack-of-all
however questions to ask questions is perhaps the hardest
but good person
then from noon to litigation
massa get looted this summer
she is accepted a touch this night
justely
and you see that makes a little English sauce made double blow
do you put your life going and if you have security
or white rice
normal
or else another angle I'm sure it's going great and with whom
and whose age is no other person I put three broken balls
you want to throw a girl with sauce
same fight
some couples
it is not necessary to crush with rage the sessions to come of the porridge so he
must cut like this
savard has loosened and grams without crushing them
white philippe
that all wish to print it is covered with meaning
as to these defendants aside there is no doubt the heifer can not
that this person
she's not going to room her victory against the rest
club reported the season
in the fifth round t
it melts a small piece of two hours
in a wood stove
but that's calling them
2 the football world
a great comedy and here we make a portion each so I have him a
third of the others
especially the grinder in pretty much I think
a mine the tournament
the film
and by the way but these channels is like that seemed to move
until it is almost cooked that is common a little sticky and there you
put some laughter
on pen the title
like that lebanon knows
a9 who is almost clinical semester ferdie semester
very pretty excluded the wall
you pay president of free spq he welcomed hip-hop
and head shot and his record so that the other half of their masters when
even on the top of the bed
and yet the weather is nice it's hot doing what I did bullshit
and who does not have any if you want me to mean
but see my wings technique mls this is in any case what the 15% and
we saw the Republicans
but who says something in another source like for example
to face a certain time before appearing
he
the fact that the term ministry
others as usual it's not the only one
beke practice
in these times full of other export earnings in the aftermath of the holiday